fix: Env file name for Astro source map uploads (#8572)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-sourcemaps/javascript.astro.mdx

## Add Readable Stack Traces to Errors

> To get readable stack traces in your production builds, add the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable to your environment, like in a `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file or in your CI setup.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion.

```suggestion
To get readable stack traces in your production builds, set the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable in your build environment. You can also add the environment variable to a `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file in the root of your project.
```
